From: Recording Industry Association of America Inc
Sent: Tuesday, November 11, 2014 8:39:33 AM (UTC-06:00) Central Time (US & Canada)
To: IT Abuse
Subject: Copyright Infringement - Notice ID # 22298005009

11-11-2014
University of Oklahoma

Sir or Madam:

I am contacting you on behalf of the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) - the trade association whose member music companies create, manufacture, and distribute approximately 85% of all legitimate music sold in the United States.

If you are a university Internet Service Provider (ISP), you have received this letter because we have identified a user on your network reproducing or distributing an unauthorized copy of a copyrighted sound recording.  This letter constitutes notice to you that this user may be liable for infringing activity occurring on your network.   Administrators interested in receiving fewer notices and learning about the tools available to schools should visit the "Resources for Colleges" section of www.riaa.com (http://www.riaa.com/toolsforparents.php?content_selector=Resources-For-Colleges).

If you are a university Internet subscriber (user), you have received this letter because your Internet account was used to illegally copy and/or distribute copyrighted music over the Internet through a peer to peer application.

Distributing copyrighted works on a peer to peer system is a public activity visible by other users on that network, including the RIAA.  An historic 2005 U.S. Supreme Court decision affirmed that uploading and downloading copyrighted works without the copyright owner's permission is clearly illegal.  You may be liable for the illegal activity occurring on your computer.

To avoid legal consequences, a user should immediately delete and disable access to the unauthorized music on your computer.  Learn how at the "About Music Copyright Notices" section of www.riaa.com (http://www.riaa.com/toolsforparents.php?content_selector=resources-music-copyright-notices).  www.riaa.com also contains practical information about:

      - How you were identified and why illegal downloading is not anonymous
      - What next steps to take
      - Where to find authorized music online

Today there are some 30 million songs available across more than 60 authorized digital services in the United States, and growing.  We encourage Internet subscribers to visit the website www.whymusicmatters.com which contains a guide to the many authorized music sites where fans can go to listen to and/or purchase their favorite songs.

We have attached below the details of the illegal file-sharing, including the time, date, and a sampling of the music shared.  We assert that the information in this notice is accurate, based upon the data available to us.  We have a good faith belief that this activity is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.  Under penalty of perjury, we submit that the RIAA is authorized to act on behalf of its member companies in matters involving the infringement of their sound recordings, including enforcing their copyrights and common law rights on the Internet.  This letter does not constitute a waiver of any of our member's rights, and all such rights are expressly reserved.

Thank you in advance for your cooperation.  If you have any questions, please visit the "About Music Copyright Notices" section of www.riaa.com (http://www.riaa.com/toolsforparents.php?content_selector=resources-music-copyright-notices).

Sincerely,
Jeremy Landis
Recording Industry Association of America
1025 F Street, NW, 10th Floor
Washington, D.C., 20004
Email:  ispnoticefaq@riaa.com
Ph: 1-800-838-9775

List of infringing content
------------------------------
MEEK MILL AMEN

------------------------------
INFRINGEMENT DETAIL
------------------------------
Infringing Work : AMEN
Filename : meek mill - amen feat drake &#38; jeremih - hotnewhiphop.mp3
First found (UTC): 2014-11-11T07:04:29.95Z
Last found (UTC): 2014-11-11T07:06:30.53Z
Filesize  : 5800502 bytes
IP Address: 129.15.131.153
IP Port: 11247
Network: Ares
Protocol: Ares
